♪Allergic to fast-food love,
even if it's too naive♪
♪Just like a hug needs
the right body heat♪
♪Your “same here” carries
a touch of resolve♪
♪Pack my bags,
we can set off right now♪
♪The future is a wondrous,
unknown adventure♪
♪The journey itself is what truly matters
before the destination♪
♪Those moments together
are what bind us strongest♪
♪Connect♪
♪Let's go!♪
♪Leave worries behind
in yesterday's sentimentality♪
♪Today, no dwelling on
negative emotions♪
♪Tomorrow holds more luck♪
♪Together we'll create moving melodies♪
♪The future begins to take shape♪
=Love in A Secret=
(I Just Want to Drown With You)
=Episode 18=
Dad.
I didn't mean it.
She wasn't pregnant at all.
She was lying to you.
Lying to me about what?
She lied
to stop you from being
with your brother, right?
Lu Zhu,
I never expected you
to become so selfish
and hopeless.
Let me tell you.
The pregnancy isn't what matters.
What matters
is that you pushed your mother
down the stairs.
She's lying in the emergency room
right now.
What matters
is that you can date anyone
but not your brother.
What matters
is that you're eighteen now.
It's time to grow up.
Do you understand, child?
Do you?
I only have one mother.
Her name is Shen Qi.
You betrayed her.
You cheated with Huang Qingbai
while she was pregnant.
You stole my life.
You never treated me like your daughter.
Lu Jiaming,
the selfish one is you.
Also,
I'm nineteen.
Little girl,
it's so late.
Why are you out here alone?
My parents are fighting at home.
They're getting a divorce.
I got scared and ran out.
It's too dark, and I got lost.
I'll walk you home.
Tell me your residential area.
I live at Tianhu International.
Let's go.
Do you have a sister?
Yes.
I do.
Is she as pretty as you?
We look exactly the same.
We're twins.
Wow. My mom keeps saying
she wants twins too.
But not for me,
for my little brother.
She wants two boys.
You're so lucky, sister.
Does she treat you well?
Yes.
But only for a short while.
Why?
If you have a sister,
shouldn't she always treat you well?
Because she passed away.
She's no longer in this world.
Everyone goes through birth,
aging, illness, and death.
Death isn't the end of a person.
She's just gone somewhere better.
I'm sorry, sister.
Don't say sorry.
Never apologize too easily.
Okay?
Mm.
Let's go.
You're home.
(Tianhu International)
Thank you, sister.
Don't wander around outside
alone this late again.
Go on.
(Tianhu International)
Tell me more about them.
Sure.
What else do you want to know?
Everything.
Most of all,
why did Mom do that?
Mom suffered a lot too.
I hope you won't blame her.
The man who stayed by her side
during her most beautiful years
betrayed her
again and again.
While she was pregnant,
Dad was cheating.
Hello, Jiaming.
Where are you?
When are you coming back?
My stomach hurts so much.
(In operation)
So adorable.
The two babies.
Don't touch them. Mind the hygiene.
Mom,
take one of them away.
What do you mean?
Lu Jiaming doesn't deserve this.
What does that have to do
with the children?
I don't want them to end up like me.
Trapped in the Lu residence
their whole lives
like caged birds.
I want my child
to fly freely.
I want Lu Jiaming to taste
the heart-wrenching pain
of being betrayed.
Qi,
are you alright?
I was worried sick.
We couldn't get plane tickets
back from Shenzhen, right?
Don't be mad that we're late.
Where are the babies?
Dead.
What?
One died.
There's one left.
Qi,
well,
don't be too sad.
Having twins
is difficult,
and you delivered prematurely.
Things like this can happen.
At least
one survived, right?
How about this?
When you recover, we can have another one.
Be good.
Mr. Lu, the flowers.
Let's get a divorce.
What did you say?
I said, let's get a divorce.
Qi.
I know you just gave birth,
and after what happened,
your emotions are unstable.
But
I hope
I never hear that again.
You don't love me.
Why can't you let me go?
Be good.
Qi,
for the rest of your life,
you can only
stay by my side, forever.
Be good.
Flowers.
Girl.
My sweetheart is here.
Didn't you say
you had a surprise for me?
I lost the goldfish.
Come here.
It's okay if the goldfish is lost.
As long as my precious daughter is here.
Dad.
Yes?
Are you afraid of losing Mom and me?
Of course I am.
So
our family
must stay together forever.
Never apart.
Qi,
I swear,
no matter what happens,
don't worry.
I'll never leave you.
I'll always protect you.
Alright?
(Perhaps until the day you die,)
(you will never know)
(that you have another daughter.)
(Her name is Lu Sun.)
(She lives within your lies
and betrayals,)
(carries your hatred and resentment,)
(grows up in dark rain,)
(and is unable to sprout.)
(The only brief love she ever had
came from her sister,)
(who has already)
(passed away.)
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing for
what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely?♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll forget you♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing for
what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely?♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll forget you♪
♪Bit by bit, I'll erase the memories♪
♪From now on,
your image won't linger in my mind♪
♪Nor will those fragments of the past♪
♪Days will slowly drift away
like passing clouds♪
♪I'll learn to stop longing for
what's gone♪
♪The you in my memories♪
♪Will fade from clarity♪
♪How much longer must I wait to♪
♪Forget you completely?♪